I thought this was my...
Yes.
This is where you're stuck today about two other questions.
Please, please, here.
I ask you this specific question, Ma'am.
Don't you direct Mr. Adams to make such a request
I'll general open as has been read to you this morning.
Well, if I didn't know anything about the telephone conversation
or can't recall it, I can't recall having given
him any instruction to do it.
Allow Mr. A.
Mr. Secretary...
is it your answer to this committee?
Who will open the meeting to value you?
Your testimony.
Exception, a tremendously important request
has been contained in this writing.
Is it your answer to this committee that you do not remember
having direct Mr. Adams to make such a request?
I'll general open.
Duncan, how do you make that gesture, though?
Mr. A.
Can I answer?
Can I please have a chance to answer the question
in the way that I think will give the committee the most
information?
And that is the answer, please.
On the American Council, then, requested.
Did you answer yesterday and then proceed?
But if you answer yesterday, I think Mr.
Bideon is entitled to a gift or no answer.
Definitely.
If the hand and hand if you want to question,
I want to restate it.
I think this committee is entitled to a yes or no answer.
And then, Mr.
Secretary, he was the second to say that I am this committee
in this format.
I would do any of the questions, Mr.
Secretary, may not be any of the answers.
Yes, no one in which case that the position
tells us that fact.
But certainly, on the tremendous invite of questions like this,
that you will know we can have a yes or no answer.
This is my advice.
My decision with Chairman of the SUCCIQ
question is to step the whole deal on the question.
Mine, sir, will I have the question you will answer?
And the Secretary will endeavor to answer the answer,
no, and give me suggestions or explanation.
The question of the House of the SUCCIQ
is that you are asked to this committee who will
absolutely evaluate the question only.
I start to promote the story of the report
and the request as it contains the most writing.
I start to guarantee that you do not remember having
directly Mr. Adams to make such a request
with General Love.
I do not recall having made such a request,
but now I understand I have the right to make myself clear.
On the 31st of October, I talked with General Back,
the Chiefs' signal officer.
Once again, I deeply regret.
In the SUCCIQ, I'm going over and over.
A matter of effecting the professional position
of one of our fine house developments.
I said to General Back that I wanted to be sure
that if the carrying out of the studio at Port Mama,
the General Love exercised careful and good judgment
and that he did not move so rapidly
in the direction of suspension of people at Port Mama
without sufficient information on which to justify
those suspensions.
I ask General Back for a rather cautioned hint
that I was apprehensive that General Love
might be moving in that direction.
I simply took it out for General Back
because I was afraid that unfair suspension
might take place at Port Mama in anxious as I was.
The duty job right, and I wanted all of us to resolve
the question of security for loyally in favor of the United States.
If there was any doubt about it, I would not want to be a party
to suspension of people on the basis of meager
or almost monictive information.
Now with that background Mr. Jenkins, and again referring to your question,
it's entirely possible that I might have talked with Mr. Adams.
I say that I do not recall it now, but I've given you
the background of a conversation that I had with the Chief
Signal Officer on the first 31st day of October.
And I think against that background, it could be entirely possible
that I might have talked to Mr. Adams.
I might even consider a bit of said, John, perhaps you better call General Love.
The fact Mr. Jenkins that my memory is not precisely clear on at one point
after all, a hundred questions that I've answered here to the best of my ability here in Miss Fox Week.
I don't think it's unusual. I simply cannot recall it.
But I give you this background because it's entirely possible
that some such thing might have happened, and I think without background,
you would understand why it happened.
Very well, now Mr. Stevens, do you believe that Mr. Adams would have made
such a request, except as your direction, entirely possibly might have?
You know General Love and personally, yes, sir?
You know General Love and in Europe, in your name, man of integrity, complete?
What is this to you now, in mind, repressing your mind
so that you could give this committee a yes or no answer?
If you move on, Mr. Adams, you can confer with Mr. Adams who is sitting
at the back of Mr. Webb.
With that, do you have any value or assistance?
Well, Mr. Jenkins, if my failure, because of course, sometimes you don't have it
yet, Mr. Committee, you're not a media.
All fairness to the Secretary, that he's permitted to now consult and confer with Mr. Adams,
to determine whether or not his mind can be sufficiently repressed,
as to enabling to give this committee a definite answer.
I think it's a free time to say, Mr. Stevens.
Mr. Stevens, if you want that privilege, Mr. Secretary, please help.
Mr. Chairman, well as counsel for the Army, I am content with the testimony of the
Secretary as it now stands, and I suggest that we move on.
I have no privilege, but I have no privilege to answer to this many things.
Now, the question is, if the committee can think, frankly, I am not.
May continue your interview, as I go and get to have other questions.
I think that the Secretary of Mr. Adams should be permitted to confer,
and then the Secretary asked that question again, in all fairness to the Secretary and this committee.
If you can find the way I'm not pursuing further, I think the suggestion that the Secretary
be permitted to confer with Mr. Adams, if he likes to do so, is well taken.
The Council representing the Secretary has said that he is satisfied with the testimony his client has given.
I don't think this committee can order the Secretary to confer with Mr. Adams.
He's at liberty to make his own statements and stand on his own testimony as given,
and if the Council is satisfied and does not wish his client to confer with Mr. Adams,
then Mr. Middey has no authority to demand that he do so.
The Secretary, completely, has simply tried to find out what from the Secretary,
whether it would satisfy to with him, without a stand,
whether he, despite his rights and Council, wanted to confer with Mr. Adams.
And could I have told this Council agree, and could I say, Mr. Chairman,
that the course Mr. Adams is to be a witness here?
And I feel that we have told this to its death.
I might have that I understood from Mr. Jenkins that you had another matter that you wish to inquire into this morning.
Is it an appropriate time to have that happen?
If he's not, because we have some other questions, yes, I think you might.
Mr. Secretary, I can contend to let the question stand where it is or it will be very dangerous
if you ask me to. Mr. Chairman, I've tried, I think, if I wasn't under the pressure here to conserve harm,
which I understand and certainly can strive to, I could give more perspective and background
against the old world, what modern situation.
But I hope that the last statement that I made, which indicates the things that were in my mouth at the time,
will be a background against which this question about Mr. Adams can be considered,
because what I have no recollection at this particular time of that particular point,
I nonetheless, we state that it's entirely possible against the background of what I've said
that some such conversation might have taken place, and I think it's Mr. Adams picked up his mind for it.
Chair, would you simply, in your opinion, to find out whether we should suspend the allergy, whether we should be African and you're not,
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Chair, I have no further questions.
The Chair, none, Senator McCaw.
Mr. Chairman, I have no further questions to the witness relating to this inquiry other than one of all the personal nature.
I agree with Council, one of the whole that these questions that were being asked are further than the decision that a vitality has to one part
of the issues that this committee has got to try to resolve.
But I have observed the Secretary test fine.
He has been under quite an orderly.
I can well appreciate that in the strain of the sore deal, his mind may not be aware of him from the range.
I do not know how he feels physically, but if he does feel that he has not, in a position, under the circumstances to give his best judgment
and best recollection to the answers, to the questions that are now being pronounced and given the fact that he's been on this witness stand for five days,
I think it is all appropriate if he would indicate so that the committee give me my rest.
I do not know his wishes in the matter, but if that in a time, I may say that the Secretary of that in a time,
when he's justified, if he feels physically exhausted or mentally weary, that he feels his mind is not aware, and he's not able to give the correct answers or give them completely,
and if he will so indicate or his counsel will so indicate, I shall move that his brother interrogation be deferred and suspended and that we proceed with something else.
I simply say that with the Secretary of the U, in an effort to decomplete the fair and mock to pursue a continuous interrogation of yet until such time as it may be exhausted.
Thank you very much, Senator McClellan, I appreciate that, and I'd like to find a proper counsel for a moment.
It is a flag that Secretary of the Army, Stevens, has been under tremendous pressure during these hearings.
It's been sharply cross-examination examined by the Council, Ray Jenkins, members of the subcommittee for five consecutive days.
Actually, this is his sixth day because on the first day of the hearings, last Thursday, Mr. Jenkins, our Mr. Stevens,
ready as a formal statement, then for the last five days, now he's been under cross-examination.
In addition to that, he's had a lot of work in the evenings to prepare, back to Mr. Walsh, now the Council.
The Secretary remained on the stand. He and I would like to seek his testimony concluded he is not at the end of his physical reserve, but he is an entire man.
I commend him to a little forgiveness of my old, and I haven't been doing what he has been doing.
If I can have the assurance of the senator, meaning Senator McCartney, that we are the fans who have the end of his examination,
it should now be concluded.
On the other hand, Senator McCartney indicates that there is a long examination still facing him.
I think it would be an interest of true injustice, but that this witness should have somewhere to then some refresh.
Mr. President, the record doesn't begin.
I think the change is just.
The Secretary of the Guadalajee Court has left the meeting to Mr. Walsh.
The view of the fact that the Secretary of the Guadalajee has made China asked for the discharge of two of the most competent journalists by the Earth and come like with.
One young man, Mike Carr, has been suffering from a very serious illness and now, to resolve these secretary's charges.
I don't think the Secretary should object to answering my questions.
It was very central, I keep in short to understand them.
But the length of my interrogation, I think they don't know.
It all depends on what areas I cover by other sides.
As of this time, it's been possible for me to estimate, except the man will say,
that the Secretary of the Guadalajee Court is getting off with such a wasting all his training here.
Mr. President, I hope you don't have to be assured of a short of possible with the training,
but it's probably how many of you have been able to understand what's been possible for me.
The Secretary of the Guadalajee Court has now determined to 12, whether it be all right to continue on to the 12.30.
And it indicated to me that he would like to proceed for some additional time at least.
And to become.
At the chairman, no further question now, that this, the interest of being absolutely fair and considered of the witness.
I have no further questions regarding the merits of this controversy at this time.
For all fairs and owners of the country and expedite proceedings.
Oh, Mr. Chattano, let me say to Mr. Wells that I first, of course, the non-different counties may ensue between Council on either side of this controversy.
It is all along in the bad tempering and the committee of course is this.
Oh, and all again, we have planned this phase in Mr. Jenkins, the integrity of his capacity.
And I'm sure there's any observation that you may have made.
It was not meant as a reflection upon Mr. Jenkins, I'm sure.
I beg you, sir, it was not so. I'm sure of it.
And Mr. Chairman, I think, every day it becomes necessary.
But to restate the purposes of the hearing, I'm very frank to say that I've received the very substantial amount of mail
of almost evenly divided articles where he desires that one should take a rather familiar answer to the impartial attitudes, magic.
I saw that this was a subcommittee for one thing, that it was operating on the operation by the full committee named the government operations committee of the United States Senate.
That we sat here pursuant to certain allegations for may that were made in the group.
And that our responsibility was to be listed the facts as carried and as impartially as we know how long that long last to develop some findings and conclusions.
Or if there's any confusion in the public mind on that point, I want to be state what I can see to be my only responsibility magic.
That is to do it as carried as in far as I know how.
But Mr. Chairman, if this is important, if it's properly just a few questions I want to ask, which are looking down the road a little bit.
Because at some point this hearing will conclude, can we let it go?
Perhaps that is a high optimism on my mind, but all things must have become to an end.
But we must resume our related shifts within the framework of government, Mr. Secretary, humanly executive branch and we, in the legislative branch,
and I sincerely hope that those relationships can be felicitously pursued or when these controversies are over.
And so these questions are directed, meaningfully, to what I mean.
Do you dare any personal and not the day towards the decision from Wisconsin?
I have a lot of respect for the office of Senate, the United States.
And do you entertain me?
Well, do you entertain any personal feelings in our stillness towards Mr. Colm, now, with standing in fact, as there's been indicated on occasions you made?
Have they gone to real quick?
Well, that's a difficult question, now it is.
And Senator Lerick, if you don't have to answer it, if you don't want to.
I support not to.
All rights to leave best out with all the questions.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, I have a friend, no one, from making any point to order.
Carefully she's out of the country.
I'm glad tonight that Madam and I would like to hear the threats from now, as the secretary of the other month's answer.
Well, if I can answer your question, then say it was gone, to Mr. Lerick, that she had enough to be too far from the border with Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, if you try not to yield all the best, then say it was gone.
Mr. Chairman, if one of the order, then that's very good.
I have a question, I suppose it's, if you would go or to the chairman, one of the order.
Perhaps I should have made more of it from the question of last, and I would not think.
I heard the threats very clearly, I don't want to answer your question.
I think Madam, I'd like to be able to examine and I should know how thick threat to be is of the Delta 1 command.
Carefully use it to pull apart the procedures and be available to any of the principal, you may read that facts from the point that you're required with a question of adapt, including the taking of the situation that he was got.
Chairman, I would rather order up to a range of point of order on myself.
I would rather work with my secretary of the other month, but he would challenge me if I were to yield with a question of that.
Whether be profound rule of the question can't be controlled.
He surely can.
So I was brought up and I just simply thought that the Delta was in the framework of our movement, all criminals, and race to no other work under in the full procedure.
And in their practice cases, he was not saying attention didn't know how to explain to go out when I sent him to check it in the engine.
He simply went to no other than the wreck.
Chairman, I think as a matter of person, the senator will call these and title to know what questions or sounds about what question was brought.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We have a lot of work to do with that.
We've got a little bit of that point in the hearing to a senator here.
Here, we can ask the question what he said to you if you were ready.
We've got to define the details we've got.
You might have seen any personal feeling of hostility toward Mr. Cohn.
Notwithstanding the fact that as I've been indicated on OK, he may have been unruly aggressive.
Let's just tell you a piece of other difficult questions.
I know it is, and this is secretary.
You don't have to answer it if you don't want to.
Secretary of the Chiefs is like to for not to.
And I'm very well.
And the professor can I have the question read?
I will withdraw the questions.
I won't respond.
Mr. Secretary.
I'll give you the intention of the Department of the Army to cooperate fully with this very in the future
when it resounds its regular functions of farading out infiltration
and some personal influences in the industry and the government and in the Army.
100%.
Oh, here is found by this committee that the charges made have been well-founded.
Is there in your mind now any remedial or collective steps that will be taken with respect to these allegations?
The basic allegations, as you know, are just improper influences in connection with one of the G. David's channels.
Well, I would think that was a committee matter, sir, and not the NATO's president and your not.
Well, I would sense you, of course, that's it.
It would require some steps on the path of the army as to whether or not they will work out some kind of a policy with respect to the various communications that is received by the record by telephone or other allies with respect to the young people in the Army.
Well, that work is going right along the Sun of the dark from May by day.
It's no stop from following that work with Alzer. Of course, the question in vision is going to check whether or not a comfortable situation will arise in the future, whether the record steps can be taken or policy played off, whereby it can be a life.
I personally, the committee and its good judgment here can be most helpful in that area. It's really your responsibility, sir.
Would you care to come in at this time or what the allegations may have been taken by the Army with respect to the shadowing out some versions in future?
Well, we testifying at length on that subject, Senator Berkson recently before the armed forces committee of the TANET, if it all been testified to in a command of record.
I would like to say that by way of the annual evidence of the aggressiveness of the Army in this field, that we did our 170 military personnel between January of 1952.
In March of 1954, a security arrest which had a royal e-conication, I consider that a very real one of very real achievements.
Now, we have not gone into the complicity part of that business for reasons which we thank a very good, which I don't want to take the amount of the committee now to explain unless you write that out.
I have only one of the questions Mr. Mosek-Bate. It appears in the statements that were filed with the testimony by the assembly of the Army on page 19.
And it alleges that Mr. Adams was named called for the principal purpose of shambling the committee in court.
The only comment is whether that is true or not. Who's taken what that defendant at that is, the statement that appears on page of audience specification.
In 1919, the statement with tenets of a copy file with the testimony as the kind of insert of the allegations that were made by the Army.
Mr. Smith, I didn't have a department counselor to give the counselor a return to the committee.
Home town and I was looking around for a man to take over the job of the department counselor for the department of the Army.
I looked for several weeks and finally appointed Mr. Adams. Mr. Parker counselor has many duties. Many duties.
And up until the fourth or the eighth of last September, there wouldn't have been any particular leaders on the inquiry of this committee because that's when the...
The investigations began for a while. So, with the vast question is, Mr. Adams was the department counselor for many many duties.
I was one year's liaison with this committee.
The solvent, too.
And his action? No questions at this time. Under the plot. In order to do this, I have no question.
And in fact, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask questions.
The outlawing was training on other listeners, something about the function of the military establishment.
Accordingly last evening, I asked that the hearing which was referred to by the council,
he given me in order to let us properly study what has come up this morning with respect to some of the relationships of this court with the Pentagon bill.
I have not yet had the opportunity to give him the opportunity to read these hearings and I hope this matter is going to be discussed that as a very important member of this committee never less interested in the proceedings.
So, I will have the opportunity to look at the hearing in question, especially as I understand that was the agreement last night.
And who do I have to ask?
Mr. Welp, what question?
The number cards you have Mr. Coleman from Mr. Carter.
Mr. Adams, I mean Mr. Stevens, we first have been on the air since the last few words.
I have to say that I have to answer this question.
But I think you will maybe know that some are dealative, but therefore, a three or four hour delay in the past,
however, as you know, the charges between the Pentagon and the powers of men, if you will result in the job, the next, the recognition of these two top men in my plan.
Therefore, when I have tired and finally yet, when I have tired you and me yet, I will have to ask you all the questions that are present in front of me.
And the five I can sign on and make it fair with any friend.
You and me, you are a third of what you want me to pass to an hour a day.
I expect you to have no affection to that friend.
Thank you.
Now, over there, you said that one of the relief in this life is that you want certain people, and you have to point you for a place that's not like the number.
For some people, to spend on your other body on the minimum state, that's four to five.
So, before we take that, just like that, I'll have that over.